gh-135995: Fix missing char in palmos encoding (#135990)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-06-26-17-28-49.gh-issue-135995.pPrDCt.rst

> Fix missing ``›`` char in palmos encoding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mod:`codecs`: The byte ``0x9b`` now correctly decodes to ``›`` (U+203A - SINGLE
RIGHT-POINTING ANGLE QUOTATION MARK) when using the palmos encoding.
```

:mod:`codecs`: The byte `0x9b` now correctly decodes to `›` (U+203A - SINGLE

> RIGHT-POINTING ANGLE QUOTATION MARK) when using the palmos encoding.

Reviewer: My typo :-)
```suggestion
:mod:`codecs`: The byte ``0x9b`` now correctly decodes to ``›`` (U+203A - SINGLE
RIGHT-POINTING ANGLE QUOTATION MARK) when using the palmos encoding.
```

Author: markdown in one place, rst in another, I did the very same thing myself

> :mod:`codecs`: The byte ``0x9b`` now correctly decodes to ``›`` (U+203A - SINGLE
> RIGHT-POINTING ANGLE QUOTATION MARK) when using the palmos encoding.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the palmos encoding, make byte ``0x9b`` decode to ``›`` (U+203A - SINGLE RIGHT-POINTING ANGLE QUOTATION MARK).
```
